NFR1 (Operational): The system shall interface with the Choice Parts System. This provides the feed of recycled parts data.

NFR2 (Usability): Users shall feel satisfied using the system. 85% of all users will be satisfied with the system.

NFR3 (Security): Only adjusters can request recycled parts audit reports. No users without an adjuster role shall request recycled parts audits.

FR1: The audit report shall include the percentage of available recycled parts used in the estimate.

FR2: The audit report shall include the total score of the audit which sums the individual line items.

FR3: The audit report shall be displayed to the user.

FR4: The audit report shall be available to other adjusters at later points in time.

FR5: The user shall select to view the preferred repair facility ratings.

FR6: The system will display a blank set of ratings if there are not ratings yet defined.

FR7: The user shall enter new ratings based on the audit report.

FR8: The ratings shall be from a scale of 1-10.

FR9: The user shall select to save the preferred repair facility ratings.

FR10: The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved by the system.

FR11: The system shall be able to prompt an alert message when the user performs a dangerous operation.

FR12: The system shall notify the new recycled parts audit report.

FR13: The estimator shall update or create new collision estimate.

FR14: The adjuster shall update ratings based on the audit report.

FR15: The system shall display the most frequent search result of recycled parts.

FR16: The system shall display the most frequent search result for repair facilities.

FR17: The user shall be able to get driving directions to a selected repair facility.

FR18: The system shall be easily used by adjusters and collision estimators with no training.

FR19: The system shall provide interface for a user to easily search repair facilities.

FR20: The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by users.

FR21: The user shall search for the preferred repair facility using vehicle location and radius in miles.

FR22: The vehicle location shall include street address city state and zip-code.

FR23: The search radius shall be between 1 and 30 miles.

FR24: The system shall locate the preferred repair facility with the highest ratings for the input criteria.

FR25: The adjuster shall enter the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.

FR26: The adjuster shall be able to override the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.

FR27: The preferred repair facility shall be returned to the user.

FR28: The system shall return a list of repair facilities within the radius if the preferred repair facility cannot be determined.

FR29: The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using damaged vehicle parts information.

FR30: The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using a list of preferred parts suppliers.

FR31: The system shall record updated repair facility visiting schedule agendas.

FR32: The system shall send a repair facility visiting schedule confirmation to the schedule creaters.

FR33: The system shall record the transportation status of parts reserved.

FR34: The system shall record different schedule types.

FR35: The system shall record all the recycled parts that has been reserved.

FR36: The system shall notify repair facility of recycled parts transport requests.

FR37: The system will allow priviledged users to view repair facility visiting schedules in multiple reporting views.

FR38: The system shall be able to send repair facility visiting schedule notifications via different kinds of end-user specified methods.

FR39: The system shall have a customizable Look and Feel.

FR40: The system shall have an intuitive user interface.

FR41: The system shall offer the ability to pause and resume the refresh of data.

FR42: The system shall provide a history report of changes made to the ratings.

FR43: The system shall allow the user to save the preferred repair facility search results.

FR44: The system shall display the recycled parts information and suppliers research results.

FR45: The system shall allow the adjuster to save the audit report.

FR46: The system shall allow the estimator to save the collision estimate.

FR47: The system shall provide the search history to users.

FR48: The system shall notify the adjuster when a estimator responds to a collision estimate request.

FR49: The user shall be able to retrieve a map showing repair facility locations for a specified area.

FR50: The estimator shall be notified of new estimate request after automatic synchronization with system.

FR51: The system will record repair facility visiting schedule acknowledgments.

FR52: The system shall store new conference rooms.

FR53: The system shall update existing conference rooms.

FR54: The system will be able to delete conference rooms.

FR55: The system shall be able to store new recycled parts.

FR56: The system will update existing recycled parts.

FR57: The system shall be able to delete recycled parts.

FR58: Each time a conference room is reserved the conference room schedule shall be updated to reflect the time and date of the reservation.

FR59: The system shall display a map of the repair facility building showing conference room locations.

FR60: The system will display an available status for unreserved conference rooms.

FR61: The system shall produce an audit report in an acceptable time.

FR62: The system shall allow the user to upload the collision estimate locally.

FR63: The system shall allow the user to upload the audit report locally.

FR64: The user shall be able to modify the recycled parts information.

FR65: The user shall be able to modify the supplier information.

FR66: The user shall be able to add new recycled part information and its supplier.

FR67: The user shall be able to report error messages when the user finds errors in the recycled part information.

FR68: The user shall be able to report error messages when the user finds errors in the audit report.

FR69: The user shall be able to cancel the visiting schedule to the repair facility.

FR70: The user shall be able to modify the visiting schedule to the repair facility.

FR71: The vehicle data shall include vehicle year make and model.

FR72: The system shall resolve the zipcode for the street address city and state if zipcode is unknown.

FR73: The recycled parts search results provided to the estimator shall be retrieved by the system.

FR74: The system shall generate an audit report based on the available recycled parts and the collision estimate.

FR75: The current repair facility ratings shall be displayed to the user.

FR76: The ratings shall include categories for attempted use of recycled parts and actual use of recycled parts.

FR77: The system shall record repair facility visiting schedule entries.

FR78: The system will notify users of their repair facility visiting schedules.

FR79: The system shall have the ability to send repair facility visiting schedule reminders to users.

FR80: The system shall send the repair facility contact information to schedule creaters.